Refresh and complete MSTest documentation (#8570)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/test/using-microsoft-visualstudio-testtools-unittesting-members-in-unit-tests.md

The methods marked with these attributes should be defined as `static void` or `static Task`, in a `TestClass`, and appear only once. The initialize part requires one argument of type [TestContext](xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TestContext) and the cleanup no argument.

```csharp
[TestClass]
public class MyTestClass
{
    [AssemblyInitialize]
    public static void AssemblyInitialize(TestContext testContext)
    {
    }

    [AssemblyCleanup]
    public static void AssemblyCleanup()
    {
    }
}
```

```csharp
[TestClass]
public class MyOtherTestClass
{
    [AssemblyInitialize]
    public static async Task AssemblyInitialize(TestContext testContext)
    {
    }

    [AssemblyCleanup]
    public static async Task AssemblyCleanup()
    {
    }
}
```

#### Class

[ClassInitialize](<xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.ClassInitializeAttribute>) is called right before your class is loaded (but after static constructor) and [ClassCleanup](<xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.ClassCleanupAttribute>) is called right after your class is unloaded.

> It is possible to control the inheritance behavior: only for current class using `InheritanceBehavior.None` or for all derived classes using `InheritanceBehavior.BeforeEachDerivedClass`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to control the inheritance behavior only for the current class using `InheritanceBehavior.None` or for all derived classes using `InheritanceBehavior.BeforeEachDerivedClass`.
```

Author: I am not native English speaker but isn't it changing the meaning of the sentence? I want to say use `None` to have no inheritance and `BeforeEachDerivedClass` to have inheritance.

It is also possible to configure whether the class cleanup should be run at the end of the class or at the end of the assembly (current default).

The methods marked with these attributes should be defined as `static void` or `static Task`, in a `TestClass`, and appear only once. The initialize part requires one argument of type [TestContext](xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TestContext) and the cleanup no argument.

```csharp
[TestClass]
public class MyTestClass
{
    [ClassInitialize]
    public static void ClassInitialize(TestContext testContext)
    {
    }

    [ClassCleanup]
    public static void ClassCleanup()
    {
    }
}
```

```csharp
[TestClass]
public class MyOtherTestClass
{
    [ClassInitialize]
    public static async Task ClassInitialize(TestContext testContext)
    {
    }

    [ClassCleanup]
    public static async Task ClassCleanup()
    {
    }
}
```

#### Test

[TestInitialize](<xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TestInitializeAttribute>) is called right before your test is started and [TestCleanup](<xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TestCleanupAttribute>) is called right after your test is finished.

> The `TestInitialize` is similar to the class constructor but is usually better fitted for long or async initializations. Note that the `TestInitialize` is always called after the constructor and called for each test (including each data row of data-driven tests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TestInitialize` is similar to the class constructor but is usually more suitable for long or async initializations. Note that the `TestInitialize` is always called after the constructor and called for each test (including each data row of data-driven tests).
```

> The `TestCleanup` is similar to the class `Dispose` (or `DisposeAsync`) but is usually better fitted for long or async cleanups. Note that the `TestCleanup` is always called just before the `DisposeAsync`/`Dispose` and called for each test (including each data row of data-driven tests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TestCleanup` is similar to the class `Dispose` (or `DisposeAsync`) but is usually more suitable for long or async cleanups. Note that the `TestCleanup` is always called just before the `DisposeAsync`/`Dispose` and called for each test (including each data row of data-driven tests).
```
